chore(cardinality): improve documentation (#28309)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/assigning_tags.md

> There are two environment variables that set tag cardinality: `DD_CHECKS_TAG_CARDINALITY` and `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAG_CARDINALITY`. Because DogStatsD is priced differently, the DogStatsD tag cardinality setting is separated to provide the opportunity for finer configuration. Otherwise, these variables function the same way: they can have values `low`, `orchestrator`, or `high`. They both default to `low`, which pulls in host-level tags.

Author: ```suggestion
There are two environment variables that set tag cardinality: `DD_CHECKS_TAG_CARDINALITY` and `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAG_CARDINALITY`. Because DogStatsD is priced differently, the DogStatsD tag cardinality setting is separated to provide the opportunity for finer configuration. Otherwise, these variables function the same way: they can have values `low`, `orchestrator`, or `high`. They both default to `low`, which pulls in Kubernetes cluster-level tags.
```

The different cardinality settings target:

> * `low`: Host-level tags, such as `kube_namespace`.

Reviewer: within the Kubernetes context it is not really "host level" tags, but more "cluster level" tags. 
the example of kube_namespace is definitely not a host level tag.

So maybe
```suggestion
* `low`: Kubernetes cluster-level tags, such as `kube_namespace`.
```

* `orchestrator`: Pod-level tags.

> * `high`: Container-level tags.

Author: Agreed, I've added some example: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/28309/files#diff-6e10ec1e92ef51aff241cacabc21829c49e4b0dff239b5963e6380e64c38222bR244-R247
